welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
that's my boy
in 1984 donnie burger's middle school
teacher
mary mcgarrickel begins a sexual
relationship with him
when this relationship is discovered she
is sentenced to the maximum sentence of
30 years
in prison she is later revealed to be
pregnant
custody of the unborn child is awarded
to dani's abusive father
until dani turns 18 and can assume full
custody
28 years later in 2012 dani is a broke
alcoholic slacker who spends his time
with his friends
bartender brie and her stripper mother
champale
dani is now estranged from his son who
embarrassed by his parents scandalous
past and dani's continued immaturity
has changed his name to todd peterson to
avoid discovery of his parentage
now a successful businessman todd has
recently arrived at the cape cod house
of his boss
where he is to marry his fiancee jamie
donny learns from his lawyer jim nance
that he owes 43 000
to the irs and back taxes and will be
imprisoned for three years if he doesn't
repay the money by the end of the
weekend
however nance has him place a 20 bet on
an 8
000 to 1 runner in the following
monday's boston marathon
in spite of this dani realizes that he
may need a back-up plan should the
runner lose
he visits television producer randall
morgan
who had produced shows for dani during
his brief period of celebrity
and morgan offers him fifty thousand
dollars if he can organize a reunion
with ty
and mary mcgarrickel at the women's
prison
[Music]
arrives at cape cod to try to convince
todd to participate
todd had previously told people his
parents were dead
so he introduces dani as an old friend
donny quickly becomes well liked by the
others at the expense of todd's
popularity
without revealing that it is for a
television show
dani tries to convince todd to see his
mother at the women's prison
todd refuses todd fights constantly with
dani about dani's immaturity
dani admits he was young and didn't know
how to be a father
since his own never taught him how todd
eventually comes to imitate his father's
reckless behavior
including engaging in a fight with
father mcnally
canceling the church rehearsal before
jamie's family could blame todd dani
saves him by convincing his future
in-laws to have the wedding rehearsal
away from
churches as todd is still grieving the
death of his father
dani joins todd and his friends at
todd's bachelor party
a relaxing day at a spa however
dani convinces the guys to attend a
strip club
over the course of the night todd
eventually agrees to meet his mother at
the women's prison
dani tries to stop the meeting knowing a
television crew will be there
but todd goes anyway mary
donnie and todd are ambushed by a
television crew
forcing a disgusted tod to leave without
signing a release form
leaving dani without any money dani
overhears jamie
on the phone with todd's boss steve
spiru
the conversation implies they have been
sleeping together behind todd's back
he tries to warn todd but jamie comes up
with a convincing cover story that
fools todd later donnie discovers
jamie having sex with her brother chad
in a hotel room
realizing that she could lose todd if
dany tells him about her sexual affair
with both chad
and steve she gives him a 50 000 check
in order to keep him quiet
despite jamie's hush money donny's
actions begin to weigh heavily on his
conscience and he realizes he has to
stop the wedding
with help from his best friend from his
celebrity days
they make it to the wedding in time dani
reveals he is todd's father
rips up jamie's check and forces her to
admit her adulterous and incestuous
actions behind todd's back todd
disgusted breaks up with jaime and
accepts dani as his father
reclaiming his birth name of han solo
burger
the following day at the strip club han
reveals he is dating brie and offers
donnie the money to pay for his unpaid
taxes
dani turns down the offer accepting it's
time for him to take responsibility for
his actions
he prepares to go to prison to rekindle
his relationship with mary
after his sentence is over but the bet
he placed on the marathon wins him 160
000 satisfying the irs
keeping him out of prison thank you all
for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
videos
[Music]
you